VR-Pong

An expansion of the classic computer game, Pong, that places the user behind the paddle, 
using camera input to control the paddle as well as changing the environment based on head movement.

I've seen two projects comparable to mine online.  The aim of my project is to combine the most interesting
concept from the two into one project. The first project that I've seen is a game called curveball.  The game
plays like PONG, however, the game is in 3D, and the user exists behind the paddle, changing its X and Y position.
Additionally, the player can put spin on the ball based on paddle movement.  The game also contains an AI to play
against.  I intend for my game to play similarly to curveball. The other project that I've seen online is a program
which tracks user head movent, and, based on a pre-made 3D still frame, alters the projection of the still onto the
screen to emulate the changing perspective. Using openCV, I want to implement this feature, as well as a feature to
track a hand-held paddle in order to make a curveball-like game that feels like VR.

The project will use the 112 modal app framework, and app-wide methods will read the user's camera, updating app-wide
attributes that may be accessed by various modes.  Two essential modes will be GameMode, where the user plays the game,
and calibration mode, where the detection threshold for the paddle may be adjusted based on lighting.

The paddle tracking has already been dealt with for the most part. It uses HSV min and max sliders, as well as displayed mask
to allow the user to self-calibrate the color threshold for their paddle. It works relatively well, however the tracking
is very buggy with duller paddle colors. I will be looking into adaptive thresholding to address this.  OpenCV comes with 
pretrained haar-cascades for frontal-face recognition and also has builtin methods to translate detected objects into x, y, w, h
values.  Based on the x, y of the players face, I will use shear mapping to alter the projection of the 3D environment onto the screen.
For the opponent AÍ, I plan on giving the AI knowledge of the ball's x and y, as well as vx and vy, to predict its future position.
It will have no knowledge of spin, so it shouldn't be a perfect AI, which is good.

Timeline:
TP1: implement head tracking, paddle tracking, paddle movement, ball movement
TP2: implement AI, clean up CV features and try to speed up the code
TP3: make the game user friendly, add helper modes, splashscreens, scores, etc...

Version control:
Create a new backup every time a large feature is implemented or a TPX meeting occurs

Modules:
OpenCV

TP2 update:
No new problems, but still having issues with lag.

TP3 update:
Added click calibration
Added buttons
Added nice graphics
Added score/leaderboard
Improved vision performance

